Downloaded from
YTS.MX
♪
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
(dance music playing)
♪
♪ (man rapping indistinctly) ♪
You're not thinking of leaving.
are you?
The party's
just getting started.
It's not gonna
be the same without you.
You want a drink?
Let me find you a drink.
Thanks. but I'm already
finishing my first one.
I have an early morning
tomorrow. so...
You know those ride-share
apps are pretty dangerous.
Who knows where you'll end up.
Hell. you might even find
yourself in a Prius.
Tell you what. stick around.
I promise
I'll get you home myself.
Safe and sound.
I'm Luke.
Sorry. Luke. I'm sure
you're a very good driver.
but I'm gonna take my chances.
Don't say I didn't warn you.
Kimber! If I knew
you were going to brush off
the hottest guy here.
I never would have invited you.
Uh. well. you promised
I'd have a good time. remember?
You're not?
We're at a college party.
Kimber.
No more parents' basements
or high school gymnasiums.
After all those years
in the kiddie pool.
finally we get to dive right in.
Believe me. he's all yours.
I think his name's Luke.
by the way.
Luke.
I like it.
Look. my dad cheated
on my mom too.
It doesn't mean you get to be
a total buzzkill forever.
Buzzkill? Seriously?
It's cruel. but it's true.
I mean. my parents split
when I was a sophomore.
You got an extra two years.
It sucks.
but it makes you tougher.
As long as you remember
to never to stop dancing
with your friends.
(laughing)
But first.
I'm gonna go show that boy
what he's been missing
all his life.
(speaking inaudibly)
Hi. For Kimber?
Yeah.
(ignition starting)
Hey. could you turn up
that song?
It's my favorite.
Oh. sorry. I think
there's been a mistake.
Can you stop the car?
Stop the car!
(tires squealing)
Let me the hell out of here!
Stop the car!
Help! Help!
Somebody help me! Help!
Help!
Help! Help!
(ignition starting)
Man:
Hey!
(elevator dinging)
Hi.
How's my favorite employee?
Um. employees get paid. Dad.
Even if they're just
the coffee runner.
(chuckling)
Well. there's nothing wrong
with gaining some experience.
even if it is unpaid. right?
(scoffing)
All right. Oh. we got to go.
I don't want to be late
for my test.
Excuse me. since when
were you ever in a hurry
to get back to school?
Ever since Mom threatened
to extend my lockdown
if I don't get straight B's.
- Still grounded. huh?
- (Kimber scoffing)
Complete lockdown's
more like it.
Try to take it easy
on your mother. okay?
She's kind of going overboard
ever since...
You know.
Ever since
I almost got kidnapped.
You can't you even
say the words.
You're okay. though. right?
You're better?
That's my girl.
Um. do me a favor.
Would you please
put this in the safe for me?
You know. Dad.
they invented this thing
called a bank
to store your money in
(keypad beeping)
Yeah. well.
I will take my chances
with a good old-fashioned safe
any day.
Kimber:
Okay.
And you're sure
you want to trust
your delinquent teenage daughter
with the password?
Hang on. I'm thinking.
I'm kidding!
Honey. listen.
I would trust you with anything.
Okay. Well...
- Let's go.
- Right.
(car horns blaring)
Paul:
Say hi to your mom for me.
Sure.
Okay. Oh. and. uh...
ace that test.
Bye.
Teacher:
Miss McCann.
A word with you in the hallway.
Kimber:
Is there a problem?
Can you explain these?
Signatures from my friends.
It's a worldwide custom.
(sighing)
Principal's office. Now.
Hi. Mom.
That's Principal McCann when
you're sitting in that chair.
Look. it was just one test.
And I didn't mean to cheat.
I wrote down the answers
as a joke.
and then they wouldn't
wash off.
You did?
Or your friend Everleigh did?
I recognize her handwriting.
Everleigh had nothing
to do with this.
This isn't about one test.
Kimber.
Your grades are dropping
across the board.
Are you still even expecting
to graduate?
What happened
to all of your plans?
Plans change.
I'm still gonna graduate.
Well. I hope getting
into a good college
wasn't part of those plans.
because you're killing
any chance of that.
Honey. what is going on
with you?
Kimber:
I don't know.
Maybe it has something
to do with the fact
that you and Dad obliterated
our entire family unit
last year.
(sighing)
There will come a time
when you can no longer
blame every bad decision
on your father and I
getting divorced.
Are you talking to me
as my principal right now.
or my mom?
Shawna: If I was speaking to you
as your mom.
this conversation would be going
very differently.
I don't know how much trouble
I can get in.
I have one working hand.
and I'm under your house arrest.
Austin. Hi.
Are you here to see my mom?
Yeah. College applications help.
Oh. be careful.
I think I set her off.
Of course.
- I'll see you later.
- Okay. bye.
- (knocking)
- Hi. Principal McCann.
Is now a good time?
Of course. Austin.
Have a seat.
Austin:
Okay.
(Austin clearing throat)
So. first. is everything
okay with Kimber?
Yes. Why wouldn't things be?
Well. I might have
heard something
about a test this morning.
(laughing)
You're a good kind. Austin.
It must be quite the challenge
dating a girl
who can't leave her house
outside of school.
Honestly.
I completely understand you
being a little overprotective.
especially after what happened.
I know I'm still new
around here.
but I just hope that I can prove
myself to you and to Kimber.
Now. let's talk college
applications. shall we?
Um. well. actually.
there was something that
I wanted to talk about first.
Okay.
Everleigh:
It's just one test.
Big deal.
Tell that to Principal Mom.
I would. except she hates me.
- She doesn't hate you.
- Look. I get it.
I'm a mom's worst nightmare.
Complex morals
and a winning smile.
and undying loyalty
to my besties.
Oh. my God.
Ew.
A prom-posal?
I'm gonna puke.
Austin:
So. what do you say?
Austin!
Of course I'd love
to go with you.
But my mom.
Well. that's already
taken care of.
I didn't actually
need help with college.
I just wanted to ask permission
to let me take you.
Oh. you went behind my back?
What'd she say?
She said yes.
Austin. you're amazing.
Save it for prom night. you two.
Okay.
- Well. I'll call you later?
- Kimber: Yeah.
All right.
Oh. my God!
Ugh! People are staring at us.
Hey. just because
your boyfriend
didn't do anything special
for you...
College guys
don't buy you flowers.
They buy you weekend getaways.
What? I thought you hadn't--
We haven't. Not yet.
Believe it or not.
I do have a tiny bit
of self-control.
- Oh.
- (laughing)
(tires squealing)
What is it?
Uh. nothing.
Just. the SUV.
I thought it was...
I thought you told me
you were over all that.
I thought I was.
I see you found
your prom invitation.
So cute.
I rest my case.
You know. Austin asked me
what your favorite flower is
so that he could get you
the right kind.
You remembered?
That's what best friends do.
(laughing)
Let's go.
Okay. Look. um...
I'll see you later. okay?
Could I talk to you for a sec?
In private?
Just hold these for a sec?
Yeah.
So...
how's French class going?
You wanted to talk
about French class?
Listen. I know that we're not
as close as we once were.
And that's fine.
People grow apart.
Whatever.
It's just. I miss you.
That's all.
I miss you too.
But. look. I've just been busy
with helping my dad at work
and college applications.
I know. I get it.
Well. I should probably
be heading home.
I'll see you later. okay?
Wait.
Why don't you just
come to prom with us?
Prom?
I don't even have a date.
You could be my plus-two.
It'll be a night to remember.
(both laughing)
(sighing)
Shawna:
Well. look at you!
I haven't seen you
smile like that in a long time.
I see teeth!
(laughing)
Thanks. For trusting me.
Well. thank Austin.
He's the one who convinced me
to let you go.
He promised to take
full responsibility
for your safe return.
Is he supposed to be my date
or my chaperone?
The best ones can be both.
Now come on. let's go before
the stores close.
Go where?
I thought I'm still
on house arrest.
To get you a prom dress.
of course.
Got to find you
something to wear.
Okay.
- (laughing) Yay.
- Come on.
(Shawna sighing)
(phone ringing)
(cell phone vibrating)
(inhaling sharply)
Shawna. everything okay?
Shawna:
Everything's fine.
I wanted to talk to you about
Kimber. if you had a second.
Uh. yeah.
Is she in some sort of trouble?
No. No.
Well. yes. technically.
but that's not why I'm calling.
I wanted your input
on something.
My input? Wow.
I can't remember the last time
you asked me for that.
Shawna: I've decided
to let her go to prom.
She's upstairs right now
trying on a dress.
And here I was thinking
you were going to keep her
under lock and key
until she turned 25.
Shawna:
That was the plan.
But I saw how unhappy
it was making her.
Maybe it's time
we let her get back out there.
Does she have a date?
Shawna:
Not just any date.
He's a really great kid.
He's polite. he's responsible.
His name's Austin.
Paul: Well. that all
seems great to me.
So you're onboard?
I wanted her dad's opinion
on this.
Don't you usually
work these things
as a chaperone anyway?
Yeah. I'll be checking bags
at the door.
and making sure everyone's
dancing three feet apart.
And I might have installed
a GPS tracking feature
on Kimber's phone.
you know. just in case
if she loses it.
I can help her find it.
Shawna!
Shawna:
Paul. she's our daughter.
And we almost lost her
two months ago.
So safety trumps privacy.
Paul:
I suppose you're right.
Um...
How are you doing?
You okay?
I'm good. Paul.
Yup. Doing all right.
Listen. I'm going to send you
pictures from prom. okay?
Keep you posted.
Paul:
Okay. Um. thank you.
Good luck.
Okay.
(phone beeping off)
(sighing)
Shawna:
Kimber. how's it fit?
You can come in. Mom.
Shawna:
Oh! Baby!
You look beautiful!
- You really think so?
- Yeah.
I think you're going to have
a wonderful night.
(laughing)
I like it.
(Joan coughing and sniffling)
(spraying)
You okay?
Yeah. it's just the hairspray.
Ugh.
It's like you're fog-bombing
a wasp's nest in here.
Everleigh.
We'll see who's laughing
when my hair is still perfect
eight hours from now.
I intend to get
a little bit messy.
By the way.
I asked Luke to grab us
a bottle for tonight.
A bottle of what?
- Booze?
- (scoffing)
Well. aren't you the sweetest
thing. Flu-liet.
What's Flu-liet?
Freshman-year English.
Everyone had to read a scene
from Romeo & Juliet
out loud in class.
I wasn't feeling well that day.
and I begged my mom
to let me stay home.
(mock retching)
To her credit. she did catch
most of it in her backpack.
She's been calling me that
ever since.
It's not like I'm the only one.
It's a term of endearment.
Okay. play nice tonight. guys.
Austin went all out
getting this limo.
Right. Play nice.
Got it.
And as for the bottle.
I told my mom
we'd stay out of trouble.
And I intend
to keep that promise.
Lame.
♪ Hotshot coming
for the crown I won ♪
♪ Fix your face with that frown.
ironic ♪
Oh. wait. you're just
a little bit crooked.
- There.
- Thank you.
Okay. kids. Group photo.
All right.
One. two. three.
- (camera clicking)
- Yes!
How about one
of just Joan and I?
Shawna:
Sure. Okay. Yes.
That's great. Aw.
I remember when you two
used to dress up as princesses.
Now look at the both of you.
The real thing.
Um. do you have it?
Oh. yeah.
Thanks.
Austin...
- You've done so much.
- Austin: Aw.
Kimber: I just wanted to show
my appreciation.
Oh. I love it.
- (Kimber laughing)
- Thank you.
Uh. Mom.
Okay. okay. okay.
Can I just get one more?
Just the girls. though.
- (laughing) Sorry. boys.
- Yeah. Yeah.
- Okay. come.
- Okay.
Okay. just line up right there.
Hold on a minute.
Going to take me some time.
Oh! Hold on.
(laughing)
Technology.
Okay. Okay.
Oh...
Mommy's going to get it.
I'll get it.
Okay. perfect.
Sorry. excuse me.
Uh. ladies and gentlemen.
our ride is here.
- Joan: That's all just for us?
- Austin: Yeah.
I wanted tonight
to be memorable.
The best night of our lives.
- Hi. Come on in.
- Driver: Hey.
Hey. everybody.
Uh. my name's Dan.
I'll be your driver tonight.
- Which one of you is Austin?
- That's me. Hello.
Great. if you could
just sign there.
Um. I'll take a moment
to explain the ground rules.
One: no roughhousing
in the limousine.
Heads and arms must remain
inside at all times.
Two. any cleaning costs
will be added to the rental fee.
And three.
no drugs or alcohol.
(scoffing)
Everyone ready for a great time?
I mean. we were.
- (laughing)
- Austin: So let's do it?
- Yeah?
- Yeah!
All right.
Yay!
- Bye.
- Take good care of her. okay?
Yes. You have my word.
Ma'am.
Shawna. let her have her fun.
- (limo door closing)
- Let her have her fun.
(ignition starting)
Whoo!
Yeah!
Stop. We haven't even
popped off yet.
and you've already breaking
rule number one.
Just wait till you see
what I do to rule three.
(chuckling)
All right. where's the bottle?
Oh. Yeah. Sorry. babe.
I didn't have time to stop.
Everleigh:
You're kidding me.
I'm supposed to get through
tonight sober?
Ugh! It's not even stocked.
Can't we still have
a good time without it?
- Ugh!
- It's prom night.
Joan's right.
Austin is the most amazing.
- (static crackling loudly)
- (all groaning)
Joan:
Sorry.
Not a bad idea. Flu-liet.
(hip-hop music playing)
Much better.
Ooh. what's this one do?
Can I help you?
Yes. it seems there's been
a terrible oversight.
and someone forgot
to stock the minibar.
We'll have to make a pit stop
at the closest corner store.
Apologies for my friend.
No need to make a pit stop.
Driver: Let me know if there's
anything I can do
to make your ride more
enjoyable.
Austin: You know. you don't have
to hassle him like that.
He's just trying
to keep us safe.
Don't be such a weenie.
He's a chauffeur.
not our babysitter.
No. it's not that. okay?
It's actually this.
Yeah. I just don't want
him to bust us.
Since when were you so cool?
You planned this?
What about my mom?
You promised.
It's just a little taste.
So we can have at least
one toast to celebrate.
Are you mad at me?
No. of course not.
Okay. because. uh.
there's actually another thing.
I arranged for one more
surprise along the way.
and we're headed there now.
I thought we were stopping
for dinner reservations
before the school.
A little change of plans.
You're going to love it.
All right. bottoms up.
everybody.
To a night
we'll never forget.
Cheers.
♪ (man rapping indistinctly) ♪
So. where exactly are we going?
You'll see.
I've got it all under control.
We're not going
to be late. right?
My mom's expecting us by eight.
Come on. don't worry.
She trusts me.
You say that like she shouldn't.
Just believe me.
I've planned for everything.
We're almost there.
Where are we?
Uh. I thought.
before we head to the big party.
we could have our own
little party right here.
Where we had our first date.
(laughing)
You know. to celebrate
the beginning
of the rest of our lives.
Austin.
You're amazing.
Let's party!
Luke:
Yes.
(laughing)
That's what I'm talking about.
One sec.
Hey.
Thanks for inviting me tonight.
Kimber.
If it wasn't for you.
I'd be sitting at home playing
backgammon with my grandparents.
(laughing) You've always been
a really good friend.
We were Girl Scouts together.
(laughing)
I miss you.
I feel like we don't even
get to see each other anymore.
You sure you don't want a sip?
Sometimes I wish
I could be more like her.
(laughing)
Maybe I'd see you more.
Hey. that's not fair.
We have a lot going on.
like school and college
applications...
(laughing)
'Tis a beautiful eve. m'dear.
Why dost thou waste it
sitting down?
- Now dip me.
- Okay. okay.
See?
I did pay attention
in English class.
(Everleigh chuckling)
Uh. may I?
Okay.
What's up with Flu-liet?
Is she feeling sick again?
Tell her I have some antacids
in my purse.
Everleigh. don't call her
names like that.
It's not nice.
Fine. Whatever.
I was getting tired
of this song anyways.
Oh. Lukey!
Could you change the music
to something
we could slow-dance to?
That I can do.
(mellow music playing)
That's better.
Now come here.
you big lug.
and give your boo a squeeze.
Whatever you say.
(exhaling)
♪ And I wish ♪
♪ We could just lay here ♪
♪ Days are long ♪
♪ But the years fly past ♪
♪ Slow down my heart ♪
♪ Take it all in ♪
♪ Take it all. take it all in ♪
Austin. you've done so much.
You're so thoughtful.
It's all for you. Kimber.
I love you.
I love you. too.
- (camera clicking)
- Oh!
You two look adorable!
Did I just witness
the first "I love you"?
We have to have a picture
to commemorate the moment.
Stop!
No pictures.
Not with any alcohol visible.
Dude. it's not a big deal.
You're not the one
who gets busted
if your parents find out.
You think I don't know
you snuck a bottle in?
Well. man. I'm 21.
And still dating
high school girls.
You should be proud.
Come on. man. She's 18.
Okay. everyone back in the car.
I'm taking you home.
What? No! You can't do that.
You knew the rule.
Austin:
Come on. please.
You know. we're sorry. okay?
It's all my fault.
Is there anything we can do?
I'll add it to the tip.
Look. I can let you
have your fun...
But you'll have to give up
your phones.
You want our phones?
I'd rather give up my spleen.
That's the deal.
No pictures. no phones.
Not until I drop you off
at the prom.
I'm not risking my job for you.
Okay. maybe it's not so bad.
It's just until
we get to the school.
I'm with Kimber.
Yeah. who needs them?
No selfies?
For real?
What is this. the 1990s?
Driver: I'll keep them
in the front with me.
You can have them back
the second we get to the school.
- You okay?
- Yeah.
(sighing)
Fine.
I must be crazy.
Just be careful with it. okay?
I love it like a pet.
I'm not drinking.
And I don't even take selfies.
You're here.
You follow the rules
like everyone else.
We'd better load up.
It's a long drive to the school.
You can keep
the party going in the limo.
Enough talking. More dancing.
♪ Slow down my heart ♪
Let's go. Flu-liet.
♪ Take it all in ♪
Keep the party alive.
One for the road.
♪ Take it all in ♪
(ignition starting)
(crunching)
(hip-hop music playing)
♪ (man rapping indistinctly) ♪
♪
Principal McCann?
Hey. Linda.
Are you having a nice night?
I was until my strap broke.
Oh. no. Let me take a look.
Hey. have you seen Kimber
by any chance?
Mm. no. Principal McCann.
I haven't.
I can ask around.
That's okay.
Just. if you do see her.
tell her to come find me. okay?
There we go. Good as new.
Now go out there
and have a good time.
Thanks. Principal McCann.
(phone ringing)
Kimber on voicemail:
Hey. it's Kimber.
Hang up and text me
like a sane person.
(vibrating)
♪
♪ (man rapping indistinctly) ♪
Look at the stars.
Whoo-hoo!
Cheers!
Hey. we're supposed
to go that way.
Where's he going?
- What'd you say. Kim?
- We're going the wrong way.
Everleigh:
He's a chauffeur.
He probably knows a shortcut.
- What do you mean?
- Joan: Kimber's right.
This isn't the way to school.
We should have
been there by now.
Driver?
Driver? Driver!
We're going the wrong way!
Everleigh:
Turn this thing around. idiot.
(Everleigh groaning)
Why'd we stop?
We hit a red light.
Guys. the door's locked.
This one too.
We're locked in.
What do you mean it's locked?
Get out of the way.
What the hell?
Let us out!
- Everleigh: Hey!
- The lock's broken.
(knocking on partition)
Hey. Hey.
- (knocking)
- Kimber: Hey!
Everleigh:
Let us out!
Why is he ignoring us?
Hey. babe. give me your heel.
(grunting)
Goddamn. not even a...
Not even a scratch.
It's like this thing's
been reinforced.
(Luke grunting)
Jeez.
This thing's built like a tank.
I bet it's soundproof too.
Why would he go
through so much trouble?
It's like we're in
a prison cell.
We should call the cops.
Austin:
He's got our phones. remember?
Kimber:
Let us out!
Let us the hell out!
It's all happening.
It's all happening again.
All right. everybody.
let's just calm down a second.
Okay? I'm here this time.
All right? I'm not going to let
anything bad happen to you.
I always figured eventually
somebody would try to kidnap me.
I just attract that type.
No offense.
(sighing)
What do you think he wants?
Kimber: I'm more worried
about something else right now.
Where he's taking us.
Everleigh:
Open up and stop the car!
(thumping)
(mouse button clicking)
(cell phone vibrating)
(Paul sighing)
What the hell?
(phone ringing)
Kimber on voicemail:
Hey. it's Kimber.
Hang up and text me
like a sane person.
Damn it. Kimber.
Anyone got any guesses
where we're going?
Or why?
Dying on prom night.
What a tragic cliché.
Nobody's dying.
Nobody's getting hurt.
Luke: This guy went through
a lot of trouble to kidnap us.
Doubt we're getting out of here
without a fight.
You think we've been kidnapped?
Probably for ransom.
Maybe worse.
Hell. maybe for some big.
stupid prank.
Whatever it is.
we have to find a way
out of here
before we get to where
this guy's going.
- (grunting)
- What are you doing?
Luke:
What's it look like. Tina Fey?
Getting us the hell out of here.
Anyone have a screwdriver?
Wait.
He could be watching us.
Hey. how do you know
about this stuff?
Took auto shop in high school.
The only class I didn't hate.
- Oh.
- Joan: Think you can open it?
Maybe.
Worth a shot.
- But what if he stops again?
- We have to do something.
Luke:
I found it!
I just need something
to loosen the screw.
Kimber:
Oh.
What about this?
I was-- Well. I was going
to keep that.
I'll buy you a new one.
I never should have
come out tonight.
I never belonged here
in the first place.
It's going to be okay. Joan.
Or maybe we all end up dead.
Why do you always
have to do that. Everleigh?
Take something sweet
and make it sour?
At least I'm not the one riding
fifth wheel for my senior prom.
Everleigh! Joan deserves to be
here just like everyone else.
Really? Because that's not
what you told me the other day
when your mother
made you invite her.
Joan:
Is that true. Kimber?
She may have suggested it.
But I was going
to ask you anyways.
Luke: If you girls are done.
I'm stuck.
My hand's too big.
(sighing)
Kimber. be careful.
- What am I looking for?
- Okay. the wire for the lock
should be right here
near the top.
All right.
next time he makes a stop.
we open the door.
Then we make a run for it?
♪
(dance music playing)
Sorry. Principal McCann.
You're lucky
I'm in a good mood tonight.
Go.
(scoffing)
(cell phone ringing)
Paul? I wasn't expecting
to hear from you tonight.
Is everything okay?
You don't happen to be
with Kimber right now. do you?
No. Why?
She was supposed to be here
a half hour ago. though.
Um. look. I'm going
to forward you a text. okay?
So just check your messages.
Shawna:
Okay. you're scaring me.
Shawna. just check your message.
What is this?
Why would someone
send this to you?
I don't know.
I just tried calling them back.
but the line's dead.
She promised me.
That tracking app
you mentioned.
is that working right now?
Shawna: No. I was trying
to give her some privacy.
Hold on.
Looks like she's
in the middle of nowhere.
Paul: What about this boyfriend
in shining armor?
Isn't he supposed
to be with her?
Yeah. he's supposed to be.
When I get my hands on him.
I swear...
Shawna. you're the principal.
You can't do that.
I'm the dad. That's my job.
What was I thinking?
She had me so convinced
I could trust her.
All right. look. we will
figure this out together.
Okay? I'm on my way.
(sighing)
Kimber:
I'm getting it.
Hey. will you switch with me?
Yeah.
Are we stopping?
I can't tell where we are.
(limo door closing)
- Quick. get the panel back on.
- I almost have it.
Joan: He's here. Kimber.
There's no time.
What are you doing?
My boyfriend dropped
his boutonniere.
Got tired of you
watching us. perv.
Yeah. what are we.
your prisoners?
You two.
Out.
Austin:
No.
No. no. No one is going anywhere
until you tell us
what the hell is going on.
I said out.
- Hey!
- Leave her alone!
(electricity crackling)
(all screaming)
You can cooperate...
Or you can be incapacitated.
Your choice.
That's no choice.
Kimber:
Okay. I'll just go.
Why does Joan have to?
- Kimber. no!
- Driver: Both of you.
Now.
Now!
Wait.
This is my dad's building.
What are we doing here?
I need you
to get something for me.
I'm not getting anything
for you.
not until you tell me
what's going on.
You're brave. Kimber.
but you're picking
the wrong time.
I won't do it.
Not until--
Okay! Okay! Stop!
Okay. I'll do it!
This will all be over soon.
I need you to go inside and open
your father's office safe.
What safe?
Don't play games. Kimber.
How do you know
I know how to open it?
Because your dad trusts you.
Just like your mom.
Just like your friends.
It's locked. No outgoing calls.
except to my phone.
I want you to call this number
right now.
(cell phone ringing)
You'll keep it on speaker
the entire time you're inside.
If I hear whispering.
I hear anything I don't like.
they'll find that limo
at the bottom of a lake
filled with the corpses
of your friends.
Are we clear?
You have 10 minutes.
then I'm gone.
But what happens when they find
the security footage
of me breaking into my dad's
safe in a prom dress?
You can worry about that when
you all wake up alive tomorrow.
You have nine minutes.
(keypad beeping)
(lock clicking)
Everleigh:
Austin? Austin?
Austin!
(groaning)
Ow.
What hit me?
You got Tased.
Are you okay?
I mean. I think so.
Is the door still locked?
Yeah. well.
Kimber never got that screw.
That probably
wouldn't have worked anyway.
Yeah. well.
I think I almost got it.
Look. when Ted Bundy
comes around
and goes to the door...
I'm gonna jump him.
You know what?
Nah. that's too risky. man.
And what about Kimber and Joan?
We come back
with reinforcements.
Cops. Parental figures.
Damn it!
(sighing)
I'm not even close
on this thing.
Okay. we're inside.
(keypad beeping)
(lock tumbling)
You need to look for a bag
to put the money in.
Driver:
Don't bother.
If you don't want the money.
then what do you want?
Driver:
I want the thumb drive.
Why? What's on it?
Driver:
Five minutes. Kimber.
(footsteps falling)
Kimber!
Driver:
What's wrong? What was that?
I think someone's here.
Driver: There's no one there.
I made sure of it.
Well. I hate to break it
to you. but there is.
(breathing heavily)
Driver:
Two minutes. ladies.
(pencil scratching)
Kimber:
Wait.
Hold on.
Okay.
The GPS says she's still
in the same spot
she was three hours ago.
Paul. do you think she'll hate
us if we come looking for her?
This night was supposed
to be all about her.
Shawna. we're not
accusing her of anything.
We're just trying to figure out
if she's okay.
I just have a bad feeling.
I'm sure she's fine.
Let's just go find her.
♪
We almost got caught.
The janitor was there.
- You weren't spotted.
- How do you know?
Because this place would be
swarming with cops right now.
and all your friends
would be dead.
Now give me the drive.
Not until you let them go.
No.
We did what you asked.
Let them go.
(gasps)
Driver:
Give me the drive.
and this will all be over soon.
Okay.
(spraying)
Kimber. help!
(grunting)
Driver:
Kimber. give me the drive!
Okay.
Both of you. back in the car.
Everleigh:
Be careful!
(yelling)
Everleigh! I got it.
Everleigh:
Luke!
- (Luke gasping)
- (Everleigh screaming)
Everleigh:
Luke!
(panting and grunting)
Everyone back in the car!
She dies next
if you don't get back in now.
Phone.
(panting)
(grunting)
(breathing heavily)
(computer humming. beeping)
Come on.
Yes.
(sighing) Yes.
(ignition starting)
(limo chiming)
(sirens blaring distantly)
Paul:
Kimber?
Kimber!
Find anything?
- Just that.
- (sighing)
The GPS says they're still
right here. but where?
They got to be
off in the woods somewhere.
She's wearing a $400 prom dress.
Why would she go in the woods?
I don't know.
You were a teenager once.
Use your imagination.
I'd really rather not.
Kimber!
Paul?
This is her phone.
- Paul: It's what?
- This is her phone.
This is everybody's phone.
Where is our daughter?
Hey. we're gonna find her.
Where is she?
Who's calling me?
Who is it?
It's the office.
Paul McCann.
Mr. McCann.
it's Jacob at the office.
I think you need to get here
right away.
It's about your daughter.
Are you sure you're okay?
I'm fine.
I'm more worried about her.
Everleigh. I'm so sorry.
This thumb drive
he wanted you to steal.
what did it look like?
What does it matter?
Why is it worth Luke dying over?
It was just like any other
thumb drive. but different.
It had more buttons
and a screen.
Like a crypto wallet?
A what?
It's like a physical wallet.
only it holds access
to cryptocurrency.
What? Not all of us
have our parents
to pay our way through college.
I have been researching
alternatives.
Does that sound like something
your dad would be into?
Well. I know he didn't
trust banks.
So if he has the drive.
he has your dad's money.
He still needs the passcode.
Which explains why
he's holding all of us hostage.
Us?
He just needs you.
doesn't he?
What happens to the rest of us?
I just wish you could've
gotten that door open
while we were all inside.
Do you still think
you can get that screw out?
What do you mean?
I got it out. I gave it to...
What the hell?
Why didn't you tell us?
Well. I just had my nervous
system jump-started. okay?
And I wasn't about to abandon
Kimber and Joan.
That wasn't
your decision to make!
I'm just trying
to keep everyone safe.
Screw that!
We could have had a chance
to escape.
Luke could have had a chance.
Joan:
Guys...
(breathing heavily)
I think I'm having...
She's having an asthma attack.
- (coughing)
- Okay.
Okay. just take deep breaths.
Stay calm.
In and out.
(labored breathing)
I need my...
Kimber:
Hey!
We need that inhaler!
No. she can't answer her phone.
because I found it abandoned
in the middle of the woods.
And now there's a hostage note.
Just send a detective here
right away.
Please hurry.
Any luck with that limo?
No response.
- Take a look at this.
- (mouse button clicking)
I didn't know
you had cameras in here.
Paul:
Oh. no. no.
Oh. no.
Paul?
(keypad beeping)
Shawna:
What is it? What'd they take?
Paul:
Oh. my God.
They didn't take the cash?
They. um...
(laughing)
They. uh...
They took everything.
Shawna. they took everything
I've ever worked for.
(thumping on partition)
(breathing heavily)
Is she going to be okay?
Just try relaxing. Joan.
Try lying back.
No. Keep her standing up.
Please! I am begging you!
She's my friend.
She'll die without her inhaler!
Everleigh:
Breathe.
Thank you.
(inhaler hissing)
(sighing)
(coughing)
Kimber:
Everleigh!
I've got it! Pull!
Pull!
Give me the drive or I'll close
the partition on her throat!
Just give it to him!
Everleigh:
There! Let her go!
(yelling)
I can't get
her contact list open.
I don't know who to call next.
Um. Shawna. I. uh...
This is not the best time.
but there's something
I've been meaning to tell you
for a while now.
Okay.
After our divorce was finalized.
I got my annual physical.
and my lab results came back
with some abnormalities.
So I saw a couple specialists.
It turns out that I have cancer.
Prostate cancer.
Why didn't you tell me?
I didn't want to worry you
or Kimber.
and my doctor
is very optimistic.
And with everything
we've been doing.
so far so good.
Paul. you should've told us.
We could have helped.
Well. look.
things have been
kind of strained
between you and I for a while.
Um. the whole family. really.
And. uh. I just didn't want
to add to that.
It took two of us to let things
get as bad as they did.
- (Paul laughing)
- I'm as guilty as you are.
Well. I don't think so.
But. uh.
thank you for saying that.
(knocking on window)
- Hi. Detective Gosselin.
- Paul: Hi.
- You're Paul?
- Paul: Yes.
And Shawna.
You called about a missing teen?
You okay?
We stopped.
Because we pissed him off.
We saw what he did to Luke.
It could be any of us next.
When he opens the door.
we have to fight.
We don't have a choice.
Austin: Look. I messed
things up. all right?
Just let me fix this. okay?
(car alarm chirping)
Kimber:
Austin!
Austin:
See?
- Austin?
- Hold on.
I'm gonna get us out of here.
Where'd the driver go?
Kimber:
Stop!
Stop it! Austin!
Austin!
Where's Austin?
What did you do to him?
He wasn't good enough for you.
You'll understand that one day.
Anyone else feeling brave?
What about you?
Leave her alone!
(crying)
Don't cry.
You're too beautiful to cry.
Don't touch me!
(vehicle approaching)
(police sirens blurting)
Don't say anything.
or you'll end up
like the guys.
- Evening. officer.
- Evening.
Everything all right?
Oh. yeah. Of course.
We're all fine.
Just. uh. stopped
to stretch my legs.
It's been a very busy night.
I think I know
what's going on here.
What do you mean?
It's prom tonight. isn't it?
No shenanigans going on.
I hope?
Everyone behaving themselves?
The truth is. officer.
one of my passengers had a bit
too much to drink tonight.
- Oh.
- I had to pull over
just so I didn't
get my seats stained.
Ugh.
We were just heading out.
God. I swear.
every year the kids
get a little bit wilder.
May I?
Uh. sure.
Scare 'em straight.
Everybody okay in here?
You sure you're okay.
young lady?
Well. uh...
You kids have a good night.
Make sure you get these kids
home safe. okay?
Of course.
- (grunting)
- (Taser crackling)
(grunting)
(all gasping)
We have to run. Now!
No! He'll kill us!
(yelling)
I told you to cooperate!
Blood is on your hands.
(police radio squawking)
(dog barking distantly)
(police sirens blaring)
Gosselin:
All right. so she was out
with four of her friends.
headed to prom?
Yes. They rented a limo.
We tried contacting the company.
but got no response.
Yeah. Look. Kimber would never
leave her phone behind.
I don't think any of them would.
So obviously. something's
happened to them. right?
I mean. kids can get a bit wild
on a night like tonight.
My daughter is in danger.
Just asking questions. ma'am.
Show him the video.
Yeah.
Take a look at this.
Has your daughter ever been
in trouble like this before?
Shawna:
No. Kimber is a good kid.
She wouldn't be doing
any of this
if someone
wasn't forcing her to.
Hey. look at the note.
Obviously she is being
held hostage.
All right.
Tell me more
about this boyfriend
she's out with. Austin?
Kimber:
He killed him.
He just killed him.
Joan:
I'm so sorry. Kimber.
Austin was--
Kimber:
He died trying to save us.
Just like Luke.
What are you going
to do to her?
Please get out of the car.
Kimber.
Now.
Sit. Sit!
Are you going to kill me now?
Austin:
No.
No one else has to die.
Austin?
You're alive!
(sighing)
I don't understand.
You're with him?
Austin: Well. someone had
to keep an eye on you.
make sure you all behaved.
Make sure my brother here
didn't lose his nerve.
Brother?
Why do you think
I started dating you?
Earning your trust?
It was all leading here.
Why?
What do you want?
Who are you. Austin?
What is this?
This is the day
the truth comes out.
The day Paul McCann
finally faces the consequences
of his actions.
My dad?
What does my dad have to do
with any of this?
Everything.
Play that from the beginning
again. Paul.
Yeah.
(mouse button clicking)
(cell phone ringing)
It's a video message
from the same number
that sent me the last one.
(cell phone continues ringing)
Who the hell is this?
Hello. Principal McCann.
Austin? Where are you?
Where's Kimber? Is she okay?
I promised Kimber
a night to remember.
And I think
I've kept that promise.
Austin. what's going on?
- Kimber: Mom! Dad!
- Driver: Hey!
Hey. hey. hey.
I swear to God.
if you hurt her. I--
Save your threats. Paul!
You're the reason she's here.
So if you do what's right.
she lives.
What?
Who are you?
Grace?
Grace Adams.
You remembered.
You're her son?
Well...
sons. actually.
Dad. what's he talking about?
- Paul. who's Grace Adams?
- (stammering)
(crickets chirping)
Well. are you going to explain.
Paul. or should I?
Paul:
What is it you want?
You want money? This is about--
You want my money?
Austin:
I want exactly two things. Paul.
I want the passcode
to the crypto wallet I stole.
and I want you to finally
tell your family the truth.
Shawna:
Paul? What?
Shortly before we divorced...
I told you about that affair.
Um. well. it was more
than an affair.
Her name was Grace.
No. tell her what happened.
Paul:
I ended things with Grace.
and not long after that.
she died.
No. she didn't. Paul!
My mother didn't die.
You killed her!
No. no. no. no.
She died from an overdose.
That was not my fault. okay?
She had demons
way before I met her. okay?
I tried to help her.
Help her?
You abandoned her.
You lied to her
about your family.
and that betrayal killed her.
Paul:
No. no. no. I...
I told her it was a fling.
and she knew that.
You told her you loved her.
So you want money?
Paul doesn't even
have that much money.
So you've been lying
about that too. Paul?
All that money.
Money that could have paid
for therapy.
Money that could have
paid for medication.
saved my mom.
- What?
- Austin: No. go on.
Tell her how much
you're really worth.
Paul:
Millions.
I'm worth millions.
Now. Paul.
you'll give me access
to those millions.
No. no. no. stop. Okay. stop!
Okay. okay!
I will give you the code.
(sobbing softly)
I'm ready.
51227924.
(beeping)
(computer beeping)
Pleasure doing business
with you. Paul.
Paul:
No. no. wait! Hey!
What about Kimber?
I need backup
on the scene. ASAP.
Shawna. Shawna.
When I got my diagnosis.
I was so scared
that I would leave you guys
with nothing.
So I got aggressive
with my investments.
and it paid off.
It paid off big-time.
Okay?
So that money is meant
for you and Kimber.
If anything happens
to her. Paul.
I swear I will
never forgive you.
Do you hear me?
I will never forgive you!
(computer beeping)
What are you doing?
Making a deposit.
Courtesy of your dad.
(laughing)
I grieved for you.
I thought you were dead.
You said you loved me.
Austin:
I really do like you. Kimber.
I think you're a great girl.
It's just your bloodline
that sucks.
- (computer stops beeping)
- Let's load up.
- Got that?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- Let's go.
Austin:
All right.
(door opening and closing)
(grunting)
(car alarm chirping)
Kimber. Kimber!
Shh! They're just outside.
- Everleigh: "They"?
- Austin and the driver.
They're working together.
What? Why? How?
No. Just leave me here.
You have to make a run for it.
- No way. You're coming too.
- There's nowhere to go.
We're in the middle of nowhere.
But he doesn't know
you're free yet. okay?
So just leave me here and go.
Joan:
We're not leaving you. Kimber!
You have to. Go.
He left his phone.
He has my dad's number.
Send him my location. okay?
Hurry!
Hide!
(door closing)
(breathing heavily)
- (grunting)
- Driver: Kimber?
Did you call for me?
Do you need anything?
Water?
Are you hungry?
Kimber:
You have what you were after.
You have to let us go.
We have to help her.
I can't. I'm sorry.
We have to wait.
Help is coming.
Are you really Austin's brother?
He's my brother.
But I'm not like him.
Obsessed like him.
So then why are you doing this?
Because he's the only family
I have left.
I'm sorry.
It's not your fault.
You're innocent in all this.
Tonight was supposed
to be your special night.
But you never even
got the chance
to have your first dance.
(breathing heavily)
(crickets chirping)
♪
May I have this dance?
In case we don't make it
through this. Joan.
I'm sorry for how I treated you.
The teasing. the names.
I understand why Kimber
thinks so highly of you.
Why you're her friend.
This is nice.
Maybe when this is all over.
we could all hang out together
sometime.
Don't push it.
Who's "Everleigh"?
It's Kimber's location!
Maybe she got away!
Do not reply.
We don't know who sent that.
I'm not waiting.
Listen. additional units
are downstairs.
I got to get these guys
up to speed.
Wait here.
All good. On my way.
- I'm done waiting. Let's go.
- Yeah.
They can catch up to us
on the road.
I can't see them behind us.
You think we should slow down?
If I wanted your input. Paul.
I'd ask for it.
Okay.
Hold on. baby. I'm coming.
Driver: My brother never
understood what he had with you.
All he cares about is revenge.
And what do you care about?
I care about you. Kimber.
Ever since that first night
we met.
The party.
That was you.
After we failed the first time.
we started watching you.
Getting to know you.
Coming up with a better plan.
I'm so sorry. Kimber...
For hurting you.
My real name is Emerson.
Emerson.
There's still time to let us go.
Austin?
- You liar!
- Hyah!
Driver:
You shouldn't have done that.
(grunting)
(groaning)
(gasping)
Kimber. get in the car!
(limo doors closing)
You guys okay?
Keys.
Buckle up.
(ignition starts)
Austin:
Emerson. what's taking so long?
This is about to get bumpy.
(car alarm chirps)
No! No!
No! No! No!
Everleigh:
Get out of the car!
Kimber!
(all panting)
Austin:
You know.
my mom didn't get
to teach me a whole lot.
but she did teach me one thing.
Always have a spare.
Austin. you got what you wanted.
Just drive away.
Nobody will follow you.
Why can't you just let this go?
I can't let this go.
(all scream)
No!
- Oh. my God!
- Mom!
Mom!
Shawna:
Oh. my God.
- (sighs)
- Kimber: Dad!
Hey.
Kimber:
I knew you guys would find me.
- Oh. there was never any doubt.
- You girls okay?
Yeah?
The police are on their way.
Shawna:
You poor things.
(police sirens wailing)
You okay. honey?
I think so.
Hey. look what I found.
- (laughs)
- It's a little worse for wear.
but it still works.
believe it or not.
My phone. How'd you find it?
That is a story for another day.
(laughs)
♪
- Let's go home.
- Kimber: Okay. Yeah.
♪